good afternoon in nizhny noon noon o
the main events of this friday
clergyman Vladimir Gavrilov
got into an accident on the Moscow highway about it
Television station reports network n and his jeep
SUV crashed into a truck seemingly
normal accident if you are not able
intoxication in which
the abbot of the temple was traumatic
weapons that he threatened and large
the amount of money in the car he said already
three million rubles
got into an accident I'm drunk maybe you
foam and
no you imagine i was driving in front
he does not catch up with me from behind I serve
on top of
and now
Garbuzov
there are three million a day
you
By the way, father Vladimir figure is enough
publicly so in 2009 it was he
accompanied the fighter Fedor Emelyanenko
before the fight with the american brother
Rogers canceled in Nizhny Novgorod
areas since the beginning of this year train
Gorky Railway intends to
return to their destinations until February 9
reported by corporate service
communications gzh we recall the occasion was
Appeal of the President of Russia to
to the government which instructed immediately
restore suburban same road
communication in the regions of the country
immediately seven criminal cases initiated by
the facts of budget embezzlement
Nizhny Novgorod region version
regional prosecutor's office
regional employment services
improperly organized
subsidy control
allocated for the employment of persons with disabilities
disciplinary liability in the end
attracted only 4 officials again
opened a criminal case
conclusion about the weather today in the city
cloudy weather without precipitation
in the afternoon until -13 in the evening minus 10 -11 all
good completion of the work week
See bitter tv